walking into the cockpit of a marítimo
59 now this is a brand new boat
marítimo is known for building
convertibles that are also cruisers put
in this boat they take it to a new level
when I say they've taken it to a new
level I'm not talking about this big
beautiful salon I'm not talking about
the woodwork I'm not talking about the
360 degree windows I'm not even talking
about the big stairway that makes easy
access to the bridge and I'm not talking
about this rather ginormous master
stateroom this full beam master it is
pretty darn incredible for a 59 footer
I'm not talking about the VIP stateroom
[Music]
I'm not talking about this rather comfy
guest stateroom either you've got to
walk up the stairs to the bridge deck to
see what I'm talking about their team
though has turned this area from usually
with a small compact social area into a
ginormous mini salon if you have a city
a wet bar an entire dinette and on top
of that I'm not going to go out here and
show this to your folks because it's
pouring down rain right now but the real
capper the maritima puts on this is a
huge F deck with Assateague going all
along the F rail it is really quite nice
if you'd like to learn more about this
boat read our review boat insurance
hacking knighted marine underwriters
were simply the best at what we do
just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters